SDK-2058 Fix Failing Pipelines Remove 47Example (#358)
getyoti/yoti-dotnet-sdk: docs/PROFILE.md

## Running the Examples

> Follow the below links for instructions on how to run the example projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the below link for instructions on how to run the profile example project:
```
